[MUSIC]
>> Alexis Abril: So you notice we've
gotten quite a bit of repetition going on
as developers.
As soon as we've repeated ourselves twice,
maybe we start thinking about
refactoring a little bit of code.
So what we're gonna do
here is a slight refactor.
We're gonna create
a makeTraverser helper method.
The same way we had isArrayLike
as our private helper method.
We're gonna make one called
makeTraverser and what this is gonna do,
is gonna take out a lot of
that boilerplate stuff.
We had every one of our traversal helpers.
We had an accumulator.
We returned a jQuery collection
version of our accumulator.
We did the sum function on
each item in the array.
Those are the common parts
of our helper method so far.
So what we're gonna do is try to
strip that out so that parent,
child, next and previous,
are a little bit more terse.
We don't have to repeat ourselves.
So, let's do that together.
>> Alexis Abril: Some
of them scoot these,
I shouldn't have minimized that.
I'm gonna copy two of these, previous and
parent just so
that we can have them on the screen up
here.
>> Alexis Abril: And
put it right above getText.
I'm gonna call this makeTraverser.
This will be a function.
>> Alexis Abril: I'm
gonna copy these guys and minimize
their each loops, comment them out.
So you can see, even on previous and
parent that are doing two
very distinct things,
the code is remarkably similar.
And that's the part we
wanna kinda strip out.
So first off, we've got to think
about what is makeTraverser doing.
We wanna makeTraverser to return and
this is the part where we
might get lost a little bit.
We want makeTraverser is gonna
be a function itself, but
we want it to return a function
that we can invoke later.
So here, right off the bat,
we're gonna say, return function.
Now, one of the things when you're
building this kind of API or any kind of
API, you wanna think about what does
your function need to do what it does.
In our case, if all of this stuff here and
here below is identical.
That's all fine.
The part of this needs to be
dynamic is this middle section.
The part that's within the each
is what we wanna invoke but
it's gonna be different if you're
a parent or a previous or a next.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
give this a callback argument.
So we can pass makeTraverser
a callback that we will invoke for
each one of our items here.
Then I'm gonna put in our boilerplates,
var elements = array.
We're gonna return $(elements).
We're gonna say a $.each.
This, we'll talk about
how that works here in
a second cuz this might be
a little bit out there.
And then I'm gonna say function(i, el).
And in here,
we want to invoke our callback.
So we could do this and
I think for most of this,
what we've done so far in this library,
that will probably work ish,
as far as setting context.
But we want this to be
explicit in two things.
One, when we're passing arguments and
two, when we're setting context.
I know I just dropped a lot of information
really quickly, just verbiage wise.
Let's talk about this.
So one thing we wanna do,
let's talk about context here first,
is we want to invoke our callback.
But we want it to behave
like it was before,
like it was defined on the method itself,
on the object itself.
So here, we have the callback,
this is something we wanna invoke.
But with a context that we specify,
I'm gonna use apply because we're
gonna use arguments here in a second.
And the context is we really
want it to be what it was prior,
the collection was prior.
But within each, we changed context.
If you remember in our each helper itself,
we actually change context if you
remember the value comma i comma value.
So we set it there.
This is actually one of
the really common things we see
slip up is what is this refer to.
So I'm gonna save a reference to it.
This is a really common pattern.
I'm gonna say, self = this.
Cuz I want the context,
before this whole thing gets started.
What's up?
>> Speaker 2: In the final, I thought that
the context is the actual element.
>> Alexis Abril: The context?
In the final version.
We could do that too.
That would reduce code.
That would change our callbacks
to just be the element itself.
Yeah, we could do that.
I like that.
Okay, let's talk about those,
what we just said here.
Okay, I'm gonna say el
as our context here.
>> Alexis Abril: Now, like we did earlier,
this function itself is gonna be
different in different scenarios.
And it can except any number of arguments.
Whatever that happens to be,
we wanna make sure we pass that down.
Now, I can't say, I'd like to do,
in a very abstract way,
I might wanna do something like this, but
this argument is actually gonna
refer to its function call.
We don't want those arguments,
we really want
the arguments that are passed
in to this function here.
So this will be our signature, and
now I wanna go down to parent,
cuz parent's probably
the simplest one of this.
I'm gonna comment this part out.
And I'm gonna say, parent is
makeTraverser, pass in a function.
And our callback, makeTraverser,
in our context because we said
cb.apply with the elements.
We're just going to
return this.parentNode.
This, in the context of this callback,
will be set to the instance
of the element within our
loop in makeTraverser,
>> Alexis Abril: So here we have,
let's see what we're doing here,
>> Alexis Abril: So within makeTraverser,
we're coming through,
>> Alexis Abril: And
we're going through each
in the collection, here.
Let's console.log what we're
actually setting here.
We got our two lis.
This is right.
We got cb.apply.
We're calling or invoking our callback.
We're not pushing anything
onto our elements.
So here we probably wanna say,
we're not modifying our accumulator.
So let us do this, let's say var,
I'm just gonna call this return,
whatever our return value is.
And we can say if(isArrayLike),
this is a collection coming back.
I'm gonna say elements,
I'm gonna say array.push.apply.
Elements, our return value, else if(ret).
If it's not null being returned,
then elements.push(ret).
Now, we're adding stuff to our collection.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Alexis Abril: What's that?
>> Alexis Abril: I'm sorry.
>> Alexis Abril: Now, with our check,
we're set up to handle
all three scenarios.
ParentNode if it's
returning a single node,
or,
>> Alexis Abril: Children
if it's returning multiple nodes.
>> Alexis Abril: So
children, I'm gonna say
makeTraverser function for this.
We just need to return children.
>> Alexis Abril: For
previous,
>> Alexis Abril: We're
gonna do the same thing, except we're
gonna do all of this with previousSibling.
This can just be this,
>> Alexis Abril: previousSibling, yep,
and, this will be a return.
And that should be all the changes there.
Indent that, and
we can do the exact same for next.
This will be next Sibling.
Then we go back to our test page.
We got parent and
children working but I broke next.
current = this nextSibling or go iterate.
>> Alexis Abril: Otherwise-
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Alexis Abril: Length of undefined.
>> Alexis Abril: Yeah,
I bet it's probably isArrayLike.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
isArrayLike [INAUDIBLE] false.
So just make sure you're putting,
just handle that in your cursor.
>> Alexis Abril: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Make sure
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Alexis Abril: Yep.
>> Speaker 3: Few people commenting that
we're kinda moving pretty fast.
>> Alexis Abril: We have a lot of material
to cover.
>> Speaker 2: I'm gonna explain it.
>> Alexis Abril: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Alexis Abril: We apologize,
we are definitely picking up the pace.
So now with that small change,
we have next, previous, parent and
children working.
[LAUGH]